My Skills
I need help updating my resume/online presence and want you to help me with this task. Here is some info about me:
I graduated from college in 2011 w/ a degree in chemical engineering w/ an emphasis in sustainable energy engineering. I had to take a few courses related to sustainability and they have really impacted the way I think about things /view the world. I am always thinking about the environmental impact of my decisions (often to a fault :laughing_emoji). 
I worked in a cannabis dispensary from 2011 to 2016 doing operations and helped them scale medical only sales to recreational sales which was a 3-5x increase in customers, revenue problems etc. I also initiated many projects w/ an emphasis on environmental sustainability. In 2015 the dispensary wanted to make joints that were smaller than what was currently being offered on the market. At the time all stores will selling 1g joints but they wanted to sell 0.25g joints. There was no tool available for efficiently making joints that were 0.25g joints so I created one for them. The smaller joints were massively successful for them and so I quit working for them to sell that product to other dispensaries so they could also make small joints and successfully sell them. I quickly leared that convincing dispensaries they should sell smaller joints was much harder than I originally realized. After about 1 yr trying to sell b2b I pivoted and staretd selling b2c and that is when things really took off for me. I’ve been successfully selling the main product packNpuff on amazon since 2017. It now has 4.6 stars and over 930 reviews. It has been knocked off by competitors and sales have been up and down since more competing products started popping up in 2021. I make a big effort to ensure I do everything in an environmentally sustainable way as possible. The packNpuff is 3d printed using plant based plastic. I don’t use any single use plastic anywhere. The packaging is made from recycled material. I was the only person running the company until April 2023 when I convinced my parents to take over production and packaging and fulfilment. This has enabled me to leave the us for the winter so I can spend that time in SE Asia. 
I have been working on software products for the last few years. I have taken a coding bootcamp online in 2021 then re-did it in 2024. I have made a few projects for hackathons. I worked for an organization doing operations then briefly did some software development for them. 
I just recently completed a project called wetbulb35.com which shows the wetbulb temperature for any location on earth. I’ve contributed to the following projects recently:
Cookie jar, trin desktop, and a few others
I also started a coworking space with some friends last summer.

I have been into personal development/self growth since I started college. I was introduced to the GTD method in 2008 and have been implementing it in various ways ever since. I am currently very obsessed w/ the idea of deep work preached by cal Newport in his book deep work and have been practicing to deepen my focus and live in a state of focus and take breaks for distraction instead of the other way around since 2019. I loved greg mcewens book essentialism and try to ruthlessly focus on what is essential and constantly apply the 80/20 analysis so I am working on the things that are the most important so I can be as effective as possible. Everyone who knows me tells me I am one of the most disciplined people they know. I have a very structured and organized life w/ very solid routines. I go to bed at 9pm wake up at 5am meditate for 30 min then exercise for 60 then I shower eat and get to work early. I have all of my notifications off so that I am not distracted. I don’t use social media. I usually am able to avoid checking my phone throughout the day. When I work I focus on one thing and focus on it for 2-3 hrs and don’t do anything distracting like checking emails / messages etc.
I am VERY detail oriented. Sometimes maybe too much so. 

I am good at 0 to 1 product building and have a track record of building successful physical products

I know I would be an amazing asset to any team but I just don’t know how to sell myself / tell my story in a way that conveys all the value I can provide. Please help me figure out how to highlight my unique skillset so I can portray that online through my portfolio website and my SM presence (it’s automated so I’m not actually using it. I just believe it is essential to have a digital presence at this point in my career transition and want to be seen somewhat as a thought leader and recognize we live in a time of performativity & if something isn’t easily visible to others I won’t be recognized for it). 

Please help me tell my story in a way that can portray my skills and all the value I can add to a company or a client. Please ask any clarifying questions as needed. I’d like to have skills to highlight, a short eleveator pitch to describe my value prop and longer form content to share. I’d also like to be able to update my resume to reflect my current skillset and value adds
 
Frameworks/tools
FE
react, next.js, typescript, javascript, vue, tailwind css
BE
node, express, postgresql, rest api, Scaffold eth, python
other tools
git, postman, docker, graphql, windsurf, npm
